Miss Jin fell flat and thanked Her Majesty
I already know
I have also contacted the minister closest to Jinhai
Rush to the main hall of the Mausoleum
Stop this from getting worse
The governor of Kyushu will settle the matter
Please rest assured.
It is impossible for the imperial teacher to be arrogant enough to play first and then
You'll be fine
You bring a token back. What token?
token of proof
Just bring a token and deliver it.
OK
Keep someone in the palm
The imperial master has sent a sign
I want you to stop the torture and release people
You can't kill people.
These three people are the core of Cao Ling's remnant party
How could the Ruling Hall let them go?
Are you going to rebel and become a rebel lord today?
I dare not poplar wood as a Great Xia national teacher
Never act without authorization
Then let him go
Here we are.
Governor Wu of Kyushu
How did he come to the rescue?
Your Excellency Pitto, the traitors have to withdraw
Lord Imperial Preceptor is trying to be blind
I can't kill people
But can't put it
Ouyang Tomb you and I official correspondence
Today, I, Dai Yuzhao, were ordered to release him
You not only do not
Dare to make conditions with me
Are you going to rebel?